(The following content may not be suitable for viewers under 15.)
A thriller about a religious cult, Save Me.
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
(All organizations, locations, religions, and characters...)
(in this drama are fictitious.)
(Episode 12)
Mom.
Is it you, Sang Jin?
Sang Jin!
Where do you think you're going? Let's have some fun.
Don't you know that you'll never be able to get out of here?
Sang Jin! Sang Jin.
- Help me, Sang Jin! - Mom!
Sang Jin.
You need to get out of here for Sang Mi to live,
so please...
Please save Sang Mi.
Sang Mi!
No, Sang Mi.
Is it you, Sang Mi?
Sang Mi, get out of here now. Sang Mi...
You are...
Don't come closer.
Where is Sang Mi?
It looks like the drugs have worn off.
What kind of drugs...
have you been dosing me up with?
The drug that will allow you to stay in the paradise forever.
Here, let's go back inside now.
What are you...
trying to do to Sang Mi?
What do you mean?
We're just trying to help Sang Mi get on the Boat of Salvation first.
Do you know how blessed she is to be in that position?
Why on earth...
are you doing this to us? Why?
You still don't see it.
I have to make Sang Mi our Spiritual Mother...
so that my daughter and I can reach the paradise.
Sang Mi.
Sang Mi, run...
Run... Run away.
Sang Mi...
- Is it for yourself? - I want to give it to my mom.
Oh, it's for your mom.
My mom...
has never been outside of that place for three years.
She has always liked butterflies.
Do you know what this is?
People normally call it elephant injection.
It's a tranquilizer that can even knock down an elephant...
with just one shot.
Don't worry.
I won't inject too much of it.
Sang Jin...
That's right.
Get some rest.
You're in the paradise now.
Mom!
What are you doing to my mom?
Can't you see?
Your mother's condition...
has gotten worse because of you.
Because you're not taking the training faithfully,
the evil has gone inside your mother's body...
to disturb your mind.
If you want her to be healthy,
you have to take the training with all your heart.
Stop talking nonsense...
If you don't,
we will perform an exorcism on her. Would you like that?
I am...
sorry, Apostle Kang.
What are you sorry for?
Everything.
I'm sorry.
I really am sorry for everything.
So please...
let my mom go.
You know that...
I want her to be happy more than anyone in this place.
So trust me, okay?
Okay.
I'll trust you.
I trust you, Apostle Kang.
All right.
Shall we go back to the prayer room now?
Please wait.
I'd like to stay with my mom just for a little.
Please, Apostle Kang.
I'll wait for you outside.
Mom.
Hang in there a little longer.
Just a little longer.
Please hang in there a little longer.
Okay?
Don't you ever give up.
So Rin,
you shouldn't let Sang Mi go around by herself.
Take better care of her.
Okay.
(Guseonwon)
It looks like things are a little different from yesterday.
We're having an exorcism service today.
An exorcism service?
Yes. You might not know this,
but we're having spiritual battles with the evil every day.
Illnesses, misfortunes,
and accidents happen...
because our souls are captured by the evil.
Now, apostles, please help her come forward.
Please be careful.
She's possessed by the evil.
Who are you?
I'm her father-in-law.
She is a child of Almighty. How did you get inside of her?
I got inside of her when her faith was weakened.
Go away! Go away now, and take her sickness with you!
I won't.
I will kill everyone.
Almighty saved her life, didn't he?
So why would I go?
You caught me.
I just need to stay inside of her a little longer.
You evil soul!
Here, I curse you.
Go away with her bad sickness at once!
My goodness.
- Oh, gosh. - Goodness.
- She's alive. - She's getting up.
Spiritual Father. I'm no longer in pain.
I don't feel any pain.
Power, miracles, salvation, and eternal life.
I shall give all of these...
to those who believe in me!
- Our wishes will be fulfilled! - Our wishes will be fulfilled!
- I believe it! - I believe it!
They're crazy.
- Our wishes will be fulfilled. - Our wishes will be fulfilled.
Our wishes will be fulfilled.
How was today's service?
It was amazing. I didn't think ghosts exist.
You can believe it now that you've seen it, right?
See?
Guseonwon is different from other churches.
You can see everything here.
We're totally different from churches that tell you to believe...
something you can't even see.
By the way...
Yes? Is there something you want to ask?
When will we get to meet Spiritual Father?
You must've been very impressed by our Spiritual Father today.
If you want to see our Spiritual Father in person,
you need to receive the basic training process as a believer.
Can't we just meet him right now?
Dong Cheol.
Do you want to lose your eyesight?
- Pardon? - He's a very special being.
If people like you who are spiritually weak meet him up close,
you might end up losing your eyesight...
because of the strong energy he lets out.
Then what do we need to do?
You need to live here...
and receive the basic training process for three weeks.
We need to live here?
That's how you'll be able to cleanse your body and soul.
Do we need to pay money while we receive training?
You'll be sleeping, eating, and receiving training for free.
However, you need to make an offering to our Almighty later on...
for the entry and completion of your training process.
How much is that?
It's not that expensive. It costs 1,000 dollars each.
2,000 dollars?
Everyone.
Will you choose to have eternal life in paradise...
by receiving training for three weeks?
Or will you choose to live in eternal pain in the fiery pit...
just by saving 2,000 dollars?
Shall we go to the seminar room now? Let's go.
Wait.
Yes? Do you have another question?
I need to go to the bathroom.
Oh, I see. Yes, you should go.
You can come to the seminar room after you're done.
Okay.
(Individual Prayer Room)
Sang Mi told you not to worry.
She's in the individual prayer room, so you can't meet her yet.
But you'll be able to meet her soon.
(Individual Prayer Room)
What are you doing there?
I heard a weird sound coming from this room...
after I came out of the bathroom.
It's not a weird sound.
It's the sound of our believers crying in pain...
from deep down within their hearts.
Oh, I see.
The world...
does not listen to those people in pain these days.
They only listen to those who are rich and powerful.
However, it seems like you have a lot of anger and despair...
deep down in your heart.
You carried all that burden to finally come here.
I can only imagine how painful and torturous it must've been.
It's burning hot.
If you keep neglecting all the resentment and sorrow in your heart,
you'll end up burning yourself...
as well as everything around you.
So now, you should...
surrender everything to Almighty.
That's the only way you'll be able to free your soul.
What do I need to do?
What should I do...
to surrender my everything to Almighty?
Pray to Almighty.
After all, this is where people pray.
However, this place is not open to all believers.
So you should leave with me today.
Okay.
I want you to catch those jerks.
You know I can't just let go of things, right?
Welcome.
What... What was that?
Was that a bear or human?
Keep your promise, and restart the citizens' long-desired business.
- Keep your promise! - Keep your promise!
Don't disturb Muji's development.
- Don't disturb Muji's development. - Yes, okay.
- Keep your promise! - There are more protesters now.
- Keep your promise! - Keep your promise!
- Don't disturb Muji's development. - The press have gathered too.
- Don't disturb Muji's development. - Don't disturb Muji's development.
The governor of Muji should keep his promise!
Are they still protesting?
More and more people are taking part in the protest.
The press also seems to be taking the other party's side now.
Things are going as Mr. Cheon planned.
People are going against you for no good reason.
You can't just continue to do nothing and watch them from afar.
There's a way you can get rid of Mr. Cheon,
and make the terminal business into your own achievement.
You should hold hands with Baek Jung Ki.
I've looked into Guseonwon's offer,
and it's pretty appealing.
It's also something our citizens have been wanting for a long time.
A general hospital with a sanitarium?
If we shorten the construction process...
and successfully build it within your term,
it'll work positively for you during the next election.
And if you succeed in using Baek Jung Ki wisely,
you'll also be able to move Senator Park.
Really?
Ji Hee.
Then why don't you fix a schedule?
I should go and see for myself...
what kind of place Guseonwon is.
Okay.
Flowers tend to wither when their lives end.
But you are very tenacious of life.
Do you know why I take care of you?
It's because you're a flower to me.
You're a flower that I can show off to others.
You're still worth the use.
So please stay dead like this until I'm done using you.
I'll come visit you every day...
to water you.
What's going on?
Apostle Kang gave my mom an injection.
- What? - I'm sure of it.
I saw her hiding the syringe that was in her hand.
Okay, I'll look into what that could've been.
And I think...
It's okay. Please tell me.
I think...
your mother's condition got worse because of her medicine.
What kind of medicine did she take?
I'm still looking into it.
But I think it was a psychotropic drug.
It's just a guess, but it could've been given to other people as well.
If we confirm that they injected unidentified medicine illegally,
they will be subject to legal punishment.
Legal punishment?
I'll try asking my friends for help.
It'll be quicker if we all look for evidence together.
Please help me get in touch with Dong Cheol.
Okay. It might be easier for him to look around since he's a newcomer.
However, a lot of believers have their eyes on us.
Evidence? Do I need to look for forged medical prescriptions...
or strange drugs?
Drug ledgers and medical charts will help too.
It's a special kind of drug, so it'll be hidden somewhere.
They're not red pills or clear liquid.
Please look for a container with milk-like liquid.
Milk-like liquid?
She said they're not red pills.
Where were you? I couldn't even find you in the prayer room.
I couldn't concentrate, so I took a look around.
It must've cost a lot of money to build such a huge building...
in the mountain.
How much did it cost?
My gosh.
You sometimes seem very odd.
Don't think about useless things. Just focus on receiving salvation.
- My goodness. - Okay.
- Get in. You need to go back. - Okay.
- Dong Cheol. - Yes.
Where are you?
Aren't you hot?
It's cold because there are air conditioners everywhere I go.
It's not good to be around air conditioners for too long.
Cold drinks aren't good for your body.
You always had weak intestines.
This is why it's great to have friends.
Friends know everything about you.
You don't need to sit down.
I guess you're still quite dumb.
There are rumors saying that...
you're working for a policeman.
I can't believe you're working for the police now.
I'm surprised.
The world we live in revolves around money.
Then...
shouldn't you work for someone who's stronger than...
that policeman?
I'll put in a good word for you to my boss.
So let's work together.
Let's forget about the past.
We're...
over 40 now.
That policeman and my boss...
are fighting for their own goods.
But that doesn't mean we have to fight each other as well.
Let's just earn our share of money from their fights.
Hey.
From now on,
I'll give you 30 percent of what I earn from the club.
Let's work together like old times...
and take over Muji.
What does a human being mean to you?
- What? - Do you think of humans as objects?
You're trying to get me on your side by saying what I want to hear.
But are you going to abandon me again when you don't need me?
What happened to you in prison?
Why have you become so complicated?
Do you know why...
I haven't killed you yet?
Why? Tell me.
I'm trying to make you nervous.
So...
you should start going to church.
You should at least...
go to paradise when you die.
I met...
the cult leader today.
Really?
What happened?
When his hand touched my body,
I seriously couldn't move an inch.
I met...
so many monsters in prison.
But I've never met anyone like him.
I couldn't feel any kinds of emotion in him.
So I couldn't figure out...
what he was thinking...
or what he was feeling.
Yes.
When I also sneaked into his room,
I could sense that...
he was beyond insane judging by his actions.
Sang Hwan.
When I saw the look in that cult leader's eyes,
this is what came to my mind.
I thought I was the only one who had to suffer in prison for three years.
But I realized that...
Sang Mi had been living in prison too.
The same goes for you as well.
So...
it's now time for you and Sang Mi...
to get out of that prison.
We never know when Almighty might come to save us.
So we always need to stay as a pure virgin with an awakened soul.
Our wishes will be fulfilled.
Hence, this early morning time is very important to us.
When others are foolishly asleep,
we must stay awake to prepare for the day Almighty will be here.
Our wishes will be fulfilled.
From now on, you should come here every day at this hour...
and pray earnestly.
Our wishes will be fulfilled.
I'm sure that Almighty will gift you with an astonishing revelation.
Our wishes will be fulfilled. I believe it.
Good.
Go in, and begin your prayer with all of your heart.
Okay, Apostle Kang.
Hello.
This is the one who found the body.
He's Park Seung Man, and he runs a health food store downtown.
He has superb eyesight, which helps him find ginseng.
Who knew he'd find a dead body too?
- Hey. - Yes, sir.
- Get his statement. - Sure.
Sir, please come with me.
Did you guys find anything on the scene?
Oh, we found a wallet right beside the body.
There was a social security card inside.
Officer Choi, show it to him.
Here you go, sir.
(Kim Hae Eun)
(Kim Hae Eun, age 18, religion, ran away from home)
Please find my granddaughter.
I'll look into it and be in touch with you.
What's the matter?
Sorry?
It's nothing. Never mind.
Hey.
What's that building over there?
Oh, it's Guseonwon.
- Guseonwon? - Yes.
They locked her up because they want her to marry the cult leader.
We wouldn't have come here if we could talk to them!
- Detective Kim, take this guy. - Yes, sir.
Stop, please!
I'll go back.
I'll go back to Guseonwon, so please let them go.
(Guseonwon)
Excuse me. What is that?
- Living Water. - Living Water?
Even those who are bedridden with a terminal illness...
get up and laugh when they drink this water.
- Just drinking this isn't enough. - Right.
You have to have faith in it.
Yes, absolutely.
By the way, why is the color of your lid gold?
This is special Living Water blessed by Spiritual Father's face.
Blessed by his face?
Spiritual Father washed his face with this water.
And you sprinkle it on your food?
I guess you don't know these things because you're new.
It's considered the most precious Living Water.
It's priceless.
Then what's yours?
Spiritual Father washed his feet with this water.
Water that touched his body and received his blessings...
is the most precious water of all.
Absolutely.
Well, I'm not saying that we can't punish them.
Cornering them won't do you any good because they'll take action.
Chief.
Those jerks abducted my daughter.
They'll take action? What does that even mean?
Your daughter stated that she wanted them to take her,
so it can't be considered an abduction.
Also,
it looked like those guys got assaulted.
That I can explain. We were on our way to a morning service,
and they blocked our car out of the blue.
Then they tried to take Sang Mi from us forcibly,
so we punched them a few times to try to stop them.
There's one more thing.
We heard that she was locked up here.
What are you talking about?
Detective, you're out of line.
We never locked up anyone. Everyone here came here at their own will.
They're here to cure their souls. You're calling it confinement...
because you don't understand our religion, and it's very rude.
Right, I do apologize.
But there are a few things I'd like to check.
Would I be able to meet the pastor here?
We call him Spiritual Father, not "pastor".
Pardon me?
Isn't this a church?
I see a cross there too.
This place is different from the churches...
that you know of.
Other churches are all fake.
Only we worship the truth.
I see.
Then may I meet your pastor...
I mean, would I be able to meet Spiritual Father for a quick talk?
Chief, you're so clueless.
Lowlifes can't have the honor to meet him...
even if they want to.
What did you say? Look, Mister.
Did you just call me a lowlife?
Please don't cause a scene here. Let's talk in my office.
You came to Almighty's sanctuary,
so I should at least bring out some tea for you. That's true love.
I'm Chief Lee Kang Su from the Serious Crimes Unit.
As you know, there was the abduction case,
and something else broke out around here yesterday,
so I'd like to ask you a few questions.
Sure, please go ahead.
About that girl, Sang Mi...
Have you ever demanded sexual relations from her?
Of course not.
According to her, she was told that she has to marry you.
When Almighty's world is strictly seen from the worldly point of view,
such misunderstandings can certainly arise.
Pardon me?
The spiritual wedding is...
a wedding in a symbolic sense where 2 souls become 1.
It's a ritual that aims to achieve a spiritual cohesion.
Well, what I'm trying to say is...
I'm not here to talk about your religious doctrine.
Does your so-called "spiritual wedding" involve...
any sexual aspect? That was my question.
You keep approaching it in the worldly point of view.
Gosh, you're at it again. You're making it sound so complicated.
Chief, I'm her father.
What father will force his daughter to have sexual relations?
No parents in their right mind would do such a thing.
I don't think you're understanding my question clearly.
What I'm asking is if the spiritual wedding...
You said it's a ritual where two souls seek a spiritual cohesion.
I'm asking if having sexual relations is a mandatory part of it.
Chief, it doesn't look like you want to believe...
what we're telling you.
Apostle Kang.
Yes, she'll be here shortly.
You should ask her directly.
Your dad, Sipritual Father, and these apostles are saying...
that you were never confined or coerced in any way. Is it true?
Don't worry, and tell me honestly.
Yes, such things never happened.
This isn't the kind of place you think it is.
- Last time I saw you, you said... - That day, I was a bit...
I wasn't really myself that day.
You saw my medical report too.
I'm suffering from depression.
It's because she still needs to work on her faith.
She's my daughter.
Think about it. What father doesn't know how his daughter feels?
Spiritual Father, the afternoon service will start shortly.
Shall I delay it a little?
No, there's no need.
Our believers came all the way here for it.
I cannot make them wait.
Detective.
Please excuse me.
- Okay, then one last question. - That's enough.
I know that you're a cop, but this is out of line.
I mean, it's not like we're criminals.
We live in a country where everyone has the freedom of religion.
Aren't I right?
Why did you just laugh?
Well, you know.
You said exactly what I was expecting to hear.
Sorry?
I was wondering when you'd bring it up, and you finally did.
The freedom of religion.
Well, I'll get going then.
Sang Hwan, Sang Hwan! Come over here quickly.
- What's going on? - We have big news.
- We uploaded a video, you know. - Right.
Someone posted a photo after seeing the cross in the video.
Have a look at this.
Isn't it exactly the same?
Hey, do you know where this is?
I've been messaging the person who posted this, but no reply yet.
There's no phone number either.
Hey, can you zoom in on that thing?
This?
(Daegu Express, Moving and Delivery Services)
Does that mean it's Daegu?
Should we try to find her?
Hey, Daegu isn't a tiny country town.
And it's not like we're deliverymen.
There's Pil Soo.
Our believers won't appreciate that.
Sorry.
And if you happen to see those young men again,
please pass along my message to them.
Sure, what is it?
Please let them know that I'd really like to meet them again.
We need to clear up the misunderstandings.
Sir.
- Nice to meet you. - It's an honor to meet you.
- Let's go in. - Sure.
What on earth...
are you guys up to?
- Chief. - What did they say?
They said that she and her grandmother fought a lot...
about money before she ran away from home.
- Money? - She said to her grandmother...
that she has to go to the paradise or whatever it's called...
and begged for 2,000 dollars, but her grandmother said no.
Then she yelled at her grandmother calling her a demon and stormed out.
Oh, Chief. Where are you going?
Let's go out for soju. It's been too long.
Go home early, and tend to your family.
Sorry?
(Questions about Salvation)
You all got the questionnaire, right?
- Yes. - Yes.
If you can't answer "yes" to all the questions with conviction,
you won't be able to get on the Boat of Salvation.
All right then. Who wants to answer the questions?
Dong Cheol?
Me?
Apostle Kang, are you inside?
Do you know and firmly believe that your name is in the "Book of Life"?
Oh, the "Book of Life"...
No.
Do you believe that Almighty is alive?
The rest of you should answer the questions in your head too.
Do you trust that you'll get on the Boat of Salvation?
No.
Do you believe Spiritual Father to be your parent spiritually?
No, not yet.
How many questions did you answer "no" to?
I don't think I said "yes" to anything.
What about you guys?
Then none of you will be able to reach the paradise.
Do you all want to end up in the fiery pit?
I'll show you the difference between the paradise and the fiery pit.
Let's watch a video about it.
Sister, please play the video.
I learned this skill from senior reporters.
Now, you need to desert all worldly things.
That's right.
- Gosh! - My gosh.
Mr. Han, I didn't expect to see you here.
Senator Park, it's been a long time.
- You made it. - Yes.
- Please have a seat. - Sure.
I heard from Spiritual Father...
that you've been chosen by Almighty.
I'm flattered.
Almighty loves you very much, Mr. Han.
My gosh, is that so?
Everyone at Guseonwon is working so hard to improve our community.
As a governor of Muji-gun, I must help them, don't you think?
Of course. Now that you've become our fellow believer,
Muji-gun will become an even better place to live.
Gosh, I'm flattered.
Guys, drink up.
- You! - Yes.
How many years have I been devoted to the delivery industry?
Well...
You got into the industry in middle school, so it's been over 20 years.
What about me?
You're as experienced as he is.
With my delivery bag alone,
I've worked at all Chinese restaurants in Daegu.
Same here.
Well, we're wondering if you can take a look at this photo.
Sang Hwan.
There's always a right time for everything, okay?
Got it.
Goodness, this beer is so bland.
Let me see.
Oh, he's carrying the delivery bag in his left hand.
Look at this angle as he's making a turn. He sure is a pro.
A lefty who's a pro. There aren't many guys that are like that.
- Would it be Forehead? - He retired last year.
- Why? - He hurt a disc on his wrist.
Seriously? My goodness, he's not even 30 yet.
Hey, can this guy be...
You idiots are wasting all your time here.
Gosh, ma'am. What's your problem now?
Ma'am? You're only a few years younger than me.
You're right, miss. Please calm down.
My bad.
I didn't say anything.
Will you guys drive your scooter drunk?
Gosh, I'm done for the day.
Me too.
Is that right?
Then order some food!
Munch on squid or something, you punks!
- Gosh, wait. It hurts! - Let go!
How can you be so strong? Goodness.
Gosh, what's wrong with her?
Goodness gracious.
If you order ever again, I'll make sure your noodles are all sodden.
Gosh, that woman has such a nasty temper. Unbelievable.
By the way, weren't you going to say something to us?
Oh, right. I think that guy is Cheetah.
Cheetah?
- Yes! It's Cheetah. - Right?
I heard from other guys that he works in Daegu now.
I knew it.
You're sure, right?
Sang Hwan, I've been in this line of work for two decades.
Of course I'm sure.
I heard you wanted to see me.
Come closer.
Only believe...
in Almighty and pray.
Empty your mind of everything.
Are you ready to accept Almighty with all of your heart?
Why did you...
choose me as Spiritual Mother?
You've been chosen to atone for all of our sins on our behalf,
and it was Almighty's choice.
That's not what I was asking. Tell me the real reason.
Why did it have to be me?
Why my dad?
Why my mom?
Why did it have to be my family?
It's all...
part of Almighty's plan.
You know...
that I'm not sincerely obeying you now.
I'm only doing this to protect my mom, and you know it.
Why are you doing this to me?
What is the real reason?
Sang Mi,
you don't believe in me even though I'm Spiritual Father.
All right.
A long time ago,
there was a female volunteer who used to visit my place.
She had such a pure soul,
and she was very pretty too.
But I guess I was...
too impatient back then.
Fruit has to ripen...
to taste sweeter...
and more delicious.
One day, I heard...
that she jumped to her death from the rooftop at her school.
It was very sad.
All I wanted was...
to teach her the secret to salvation.
That's why I thought this when I first saw you.
"This time,"
"I must not fail."
Now,
do you understand the real reason why I chose you?
You have nowhere to run.
If you step back, you'll be standing on the edge of a cliff.
Try all you want,
and scream for help.
Here, there's only one person who can save you.
Me.
There's no one else.
Are you saying...
you're doing all this because I look like the girl you killed?
Is that why you chose me and my family?
If you keep this up,
I might have to change my ways.
(Save Me)
Hey.
Get up already.
I...
I don't like you, Chief.
I don't even trust you...
because of what happened with Dong Cheol three years back...
and how you made Sang Mi go back there a while ago.
But I need your help now.
Right now, I need someone who has investigative authority,
so I really need you.